rblox|Thank you so much for playing my game!
derpling|derpling derpling derpling derpling derpling derpling derpling
derpling|Nice doggy NICE DOGGY
rectangle|Press the L button to do a spin attack!
rectangle|hey it's me over here it's me hey I'm over here hey it's me rectangle hey I'm right here it's me rectangle I'm rectangle
rectangle|no, not wrecked angle
loops|gaming
loops|You know about SCP?
loops|All of my friends want to pop me ≡
arctic|Hey MAN!
arctic|Talking to PICO!
derpling plays as Luigi!
rectangle plays as Mr. Game and Watch!
rblox plays as Mario!
YourPalLoops plays as Steve!
Arctic plays as Cloud!
Tom Fulp rules, he is the greatest man I have ever met.
Week 7 every day? That's a lot of days!
Lebus? It's not a bus, it's a fucking restaurant!
People ask me, how do you do the vocal voice?
Uh oh! Your tryin to kiss ur hot girlfriend, but her MEAN and EVIL dad is trying to KILL you!
It's basically like DDR, press arrow when arrow over other arrow. And uhhh don't die.
Dive into the endless handbag known as your imagination.
"PRETTY DOPE ASS GAME" PLAYSTATION MAGAZINE MAY 2003 ISSUE
I also love NeedleJuice Records!
Look, it's stressful out here man! My family's dead and somebody can shoot me in the dick!
You're ugly-and nobody likes you.
It can shoot backwards? Naaah-you're pullin' my leg, aren't ya...come on!
Newgrounds.com - Everything By Everyone.
Press the arrows at the right time to win the game!
Make sure to save!
Watch out for Daddy Dearest!
Mommy Mearest is EVIL!
Say hi to PhantomArcade!
Run Sackboy, Run!
L is real!
Lost and a little stupid
You can no longer play as Luigi.
Them boys hot Hot.
STRIPS of gold!
I'm playing Pocket God on Mommy's iPhone!
OOOOH! ARBY'S?!
I know your name, it's [user]
[USER] IS YOU
NOT made by jeb!
130.6.137.9 :)
Also try Nightmare Cops!
Also try Minecraft 2!
This is just the beginning...
Tankman and Steve are friends
Watch 'Baby Pico' on YouTube!
Welcome, welcome new galaxy!
Seriously, though, who would actually believe that mansions get given away in contests?! Talk about stupid!
WHO put out my candles?! YOU, Mr. Lime-Green?
Turn the game off!
Smart move, Cowboy.
misspelled Bubblegum :(
Jeff, Tankman. Tankman, Jeff.
Don't play at 3 AM or the Monster will GET you!
This is the hearted page, where you can store all your favorite bits and bobs in one easy to find location...